feat: add activate token refresh (#18)
iadvize/sandboxed-tag: README.md

Web SDK methods cannot be called from host context because the iAdvize tag is isolated in the iframe. So we need to tell the iframe what we want to call.  
After having called `initIAdvizeHost`, a `iAdvizeSandboxedInterface` object is available in the host window context.  
This object sends the `method` name and `args` to the iframe, that will call the web SDK.
The `activate` and `get` and `on` methods can return a value to the host :  

> to retrieve it, add a `window.addEventListener("message")` and check the `e.date.method` property to recognize the method called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to retrieve it, add a `window.addEventListener("message")` and check the `e.data.method` property to recognize the method called.
```

  },
});

// Listen to activate result
window.addEventListener('message', ({ data: { method, activation } }) => {
  if (method === 'activate') {
    console.log(activation); // activation return object : success or failure
  }
});
```

For a secured authentication:  
The JWE token should be generated on the host side and sent to the iframe. 
 - The host should listen a `get-activate-auth-token` message initiated by the iframe.
 - Then call your backend api to get the JWE token,
 - Then send the token to the iframe as a `set-activate-auth-token` message.

The `get-activate-auth-token` listener allows the iframe to ask for a token refresh if needed.

Example of secured authentication implementation : 
```js
// Web SDK activate secured auth

> const getJweToken = new Promise((resolve) => resolve('myToken'));// your backend logic to generate a JWE

Reviewer: Si c'est juste un mock,
```suggestion
const getJweToken = Promise.resolve('myJWEToken'); // your backend logic to generate a JWE
```

window.iAdvizeSandboxedInterface.push({
  method: 'activate',
  args: {
    authenticationOption: {
      type: 'SECURED_AUTHENTICATION',
    },
  },
});

// Listen to activate result
window.addEventListener('message', ({ data: { method, activation } }) => {
  // Handle authentication token
  if (method === 'get-activate-auth-token') {

>     getJweToken().then((token) =>

Reviewer: Ça résout bien un premier problème, qui est qu'on ne pouvait pas avoir le résultat de `activate`. Mais je ne vois pas comment ça résout le problème principal, qui est le refresh quand le token expire ?

Author: Normalement, le refresh appelle la fonction en paramètre de activate, qui est dans l'iframe.
En l'appelant, on créé une communication entre l'host et l'iframe pour récupérer un nouveau token.
L'iframe fait un postMessage 'get-activate-auth-token', et l'host répond un postMessage 'set-activate-token'.
Dans la fonction en paramètre d'activate, on attend le 'set-activate-token', puis met à jour le token.

Reviewer: Ah, j'ai fini par comprendre ! Merci
